InfluxQL WHERE clause, date-time related content (#4946)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/influxdb/cloud-dedicated/reference/influxql/feature-support.md

### Subqueries

InfluxQL in {{< cloud-name >}} does not currently support subqueries, which
let you query data from the results of another InfluxQL query.

**Tracking issue**: [influxdb_iox#6897](https://github.com/influxdata/influxdb_iox/issues/6897)

### SLIMIT clause

InfluxQL in {{< cloud-name >}} does not currently support the `SLIMIT` clause,
which limits the number of [series](/influxdb/cloud-dedicated/reference/glossary/#series)
returned in query results.

**Tracking issue**: [influxdb_iox#6940](https://github.com/influxdata/influxdb_iox/issues/6940)

### SOFFSET clause

InfluxQL in {{< cloud-name >}} does not currently support the `SOFFSET` clause,
which specifies the number of [series](/influxdb/cloud-dedicated/reference/glossary/#series)
to skip before returning results.

**Tracking issue**: [influxdb_iox#6940](https://github.com/influxdata/influxdb_iox/issues/6940)

### Project additional fields with selector functions

InfluxQL in {{< cloud-name >}} does not currently let you project additional
fields when using [selector functions](/influxdb/cloud-dedicated/reference/influxql/functions/selectors/).

> Selector functions return specifics row with the value that meets the criteria

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Selector functions return a specific row with the value that meets the criteria
```
